DSI Model Process

1/. a model configuration is instantiated. The config is saved in a Content-Addressable Storage (Hybrid) pattern. 
  Specifically, the implementation is as follows:
  - Stage 1/.
    when a model is generated the underlying YAML configuration payload is converted into a SHA-256 hash.
    note: this ensures the unique integrity of each snapshot as even if a single parameter changes, even by a space, the hash changes.
    if the unique hash has not been saved previously it is now persisted into s3 storage (be that Azure, AWS, or GCP).
    if the unique hash already exists no action is taken, which prevents duplication, and move to Stage 2.
  - Stage 2/.
    the metadata (creating user, time, unique ID etc) are saved into structured storage - for example, postgresql.
    This approach means there will inevitably be more metatdata records than payloads: ie. it ensures maximum efficiency.
2/. a model data file is created to capture signal returns, inputs etc.
  Specifically, the implementation is as follows:
  - Stage 1/. 
    every item with an id is captured and associated returns - for example, signal outputs, are persisted against these ids.
    a complete return - i.e. the autonomous product of all signals, tier assignments etc is considered a model version.
  - Stage 2/.
    any subsequent interaction - for example a referral - is considered a new model version.
3/. the minimum viable input is verified as present. Procceed to step 4 if available, otherwise post to be regenerated by user once missing inputs are provided.
4/. signals are extracted and saved into the model data file.
5/. A pure composite score is calculated.
6/. Check specific signal group and signal feature conditions.
  Specifically, if present these can have the following impacts:
  - a) tier override
  - b) post for referral, set auto_approve to false and send for user verification.
  - c) post a note for the file.
  Note: Signal group and feature conditions cannot modify premium.
7/. Optional query responses are evaluated. 
  Specifically, if present these can have the following impacts:
  - a) tier override
  - b) post for referral, set auto_approve to false and send for user verification.
  - c) post a note for the file.
  - d) define a modifier to be applied after base premium generation.
8/. the maximum tier override (if present) is identified and applied.
9/. the final tier is evaluated and captured in the model data file.
10/. base premium is generated as defined in the tier section of the configuration file.
  Specifically, this should be either a pure premium value - i.e. tier 1 = 10000, or a simple metric - i.e. TIV * tiers %.
11/. all modifiers are applied.
12/. the premium is scaled to all relevant limit bands as shown in the configuration file.
13/. Output for next steps (approve, decline, refer)
